The doors to the Den are open
once again...
..and our five multi-millionaires
are keen to dig deep
and invest their cash to help
the next generation of entrepreneurs
find fortune and glory.
They'll occasionally be joined
by some guest Dragons. including
superstar fashion founder
Emma Grede...
This is my opportunity just to pay
it forward.
and we'll do some
great business together.
..and style guru turned beauty
mogul Trinny Woodall.
Oh. I mean. I literally...
Can I imagine going into business
with you?
That's the thing I just don't know.
Tonight... I'm Joe Wicks. and I'm
best known as the Body Coach.
A fitness heavyweight
unleashes his inner Dragon.
Joe. welcome to the Den.
Well. thank you. Let's do it.
Let's dragon!
Oh!
LAUGHTER
I'm probably best known
for my cookbooks.
I've sold over four million
cookbooks in the UK alone.
And also during lockdown.
I did something called PE With Joe
where I got the whole nation moving.
Come on. everybody!
And I also run a health and fitness
tech company. and we have clients
from all around the world
using our fitness programmes.
using our recipes. and that's my
proudest achievement. I think.
It's all right. mate.
When I think about my childhood
and the environment I lived in.
it was stressful. It was chaotic.
You know. we always worried
about money.
Why should I buy this?
It gave me a determination
to want to be something
and. you know. not go down the path
that I was probably
expected to go down.
Sorry. I found it quite emotional
then. so...phew.
pushed it down. I'm back!
I'm looking for founders
that have had a struggle
and that are willing to push.
You are my kind of guy...
You have to work so hard.
It just doesn't come easy.
..and this is my kind of product.
That's how you dragon.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I'm Joseph and I'm from Liverpool.
Ready for this.
I'm a fitness enthusiastic.
I love anything with training.
And from me doing what I love doing.
I ended up creating a product
from it.
PETER: I've got a similar one
at home.
If Joe Wicks saw me training.
he'd be impressed.
Do you do all the upside-down
pike push-ups and all that?
Feet in the hoops and all that sort
of stuff?
No. no. I've done the one where
you're stretching right back
and then pulling myself up.
Rowing. yeah. Rowing.
and then I've done the reverse.
The easiest one.
Is that the easiest?
Yeah. it's the easiest one.
LAUGHTER
Ready for this.
With Joe Wicks. it's an absolute
privilege to have somebody who's
already into the fitness industry
for me to showcase my product
to them.
QUIETLY: Wait until you use this.
mate.
But any Dragon. I really believe the
expertise what they have got
can help this business grow.
Ready.
Hello. Dragons. My name is
Joseph Keegan.
I'm here today for £70.000
for 10% in Bodyxcore.
Bodyxcore came to fruition
from being a frustrated consumer
needing tons of different types
of equipment to train with.
which wasn't ideal to bring
with me anywhere on the go
with it being too bulky
and too heavy.
so I had a dream to help
solve this problem.
Bodyxcore now is a
patented gym in a bag.
You attach this kit to yourself.
you become a walking gym.
Any type of movement what you do
with this kit on. your workout
virtually begins. I've got my vest
and my straps on now.
I'm just going to show you.
I've got the bands what comes around
me. attaches securely to my vest.
Now I'm going to do punch-outs.
It's going to turn my normal
punch-out into
a more intense punch-out
by all the different types of
movements I can do with this kit on.
Any type of workout you do.
it virtually adds that extra
load to you.
Bodyxcore is a game-changer in this
fitness industry. and it'd be great
for you to try out
and see for yourself.
There's got to be only one person.
Shall I give it a go?
Come on. Joe. Let's go.
From one Joe to another. coming in.
A gym that you can wear is the
eureka moment
of fitness fanatic turned
entrepreneur Joseph Keegan.
So I'm going to start with the
boxing. yeah?
Yeah. That's correct. Joe.
Your normal shadow boxing would turn
into a more intense shadow boxing.
Oh. yeah. Sure. Yeah. yeah.
You're going to be doing your
loadouts. I love that.
Joseph is seeking £70.000...
We've got the ankle straps also.
That's tight.
PETER: This is turning into
50 Shades!
..in return for 10% of his business.
Let me try a burpee.
Oh. mate!
That is... That's really hard.
If you want to do your normal
workout with. like. your weights.
you add this kit on. it's going to
add that extra intensity
so there's no need to add extra
weights
because you've got this kit on.
It's clever. mate. It's really good.
Joseph's product has earned praise
from health and fitness guru
Joe Wicks.
but is his business in good enough
shape to secure a deal?
Deborah Meaden is first to find out.
Joseph. my goodness! That was quite
a demonstration.
AND demonstrated by Joe Wicks. and I
think you were pretty impressed?
Thanks. Joe. I am honestly. because
this really is functional.
It's working. do you know what
I mean?
It's giving you a good workout.
So. um. what's...what's your
background?
How did you get to come
up with this idea?
From being a frustrated consumer.
I like to be outdoors doing my
workouts. but I couldn't bring
my gym with me anywhere.
This product come to me
through a dream.
My mum handed me this product
in my dream when I was down.
I was really down. Erm. I was going
through a tough time in my life.
I lost my both parents.
I lost my very good friends.
and I really found myself
through my training.
But in all honesty.
I didn't really even want to be here
any more.
I was that low...
..I was thinking of ending my life.
But you didn't. You...you took
that and you created something
that has just received
a lot of praise.
So are you an engineer?
I mean. this isn't just something
that... I know it came to you
in a dream. but. I mean. this is
brilliant design.
How did you know to design it
like that?
Just being so passionate and knowing
what I wanted to work with my body.
and how I was going to improve
my workouts.
But after the time of using it.
I realised the effects
what it was doing to me.
Not just physically.
but mentally too.
So through Dragons' Den. I learned
about intellectual property.
From then. I've got all my designs.
I've even got a patent on it.
And it's just been a
work in process for me.
That's brilliant.
So are you selling them already?
So we've virtually just gone live
the last couple of months.
So go on. then.
How many have you sold?
Up to now. 50 have gone.
There's been no paid advertisement.
It's just been through word of mouth
and a little bit on social media.
And how much do they sell for?
So the full kit has gone for £170.
What's the cost?
So it's costing me £40.
It's working out around nearly
a 300% profit margin.
I think it's got legs. for sure.
You know. it really is something
I've not seen.
I've seen lots of variations
of resistance bands... Yes.
..but having that strap on your back
and having the resistance. it makes
a body weight workout suddenly a
lot more interesting. doesn't it?
I believe that this is a
game-changer and this will be
a revolution in the fitness
industry.
I really do believe that. like.
I do think. even so. the price
is still out of reach
for a lot of people. So do you
believe there's a world at scale
where you could get that cost of £40
per unit down.
and the retail price down as well?
Yes. definitely.
What do you reckon you could -
in a dream scenario. like.
what could you get that...? I'd love
to be able to give it
to people for £100. Yeah.
If you could get that price
down to less than £100.
I really think it's a really.
you know.
it could be a high-volume business.
Joseph. Hi. Sara.
Great job on this. I mean...
Oh. thank you.
..this is not an area of the market
I know overly well.
but I watched Joe use it there
and I felt like
I desperately wanted to go
and try this.
So I think you are absolutely
onto something.
Oh. thank you.
Now. I want to dig a little bit
more into this intellectual property
with your patent. OK. yeah.
So what is the patentable step
in there?
So the patent covers the vest.
the way it works as a whole
from how it's strapped around you
and how it works.
Pretty pricey. patents. aren't they?
Yes. I'll be honest with you.
um. I've just sold my house
to fund...to be able to get the
rest of my inventory.
because I really believe in this
project so much.
How much have you spent
in total so far?
Up to now. everything.
I've sold my car.
The house is going through now.
I'm talking nearly £40.000.
40? 40.000?
Yeah.
And will you talk me through
the breakdown on that 40.000? Yeah.
So. with the patent. it's ranged
to nearly £10.000 now.
I've also had to pay for my
branding stock.
So. what have you spent
so far on stock?
So. up to now...
..£18.000.
I'm guessing you've pretty
much spent all that 40.000 that...
Yeah. Yeah. I've spent all that
money. yeah. All that money is gone.
So this is. like. we need to get
this investment today. Yeah.
You need investment to be able
to take this any further.
I really believe that. yeah.
But I have just sold my house too.
which...I didn't want to.
but I believe in it so much.
You believe in it so much. Yeah.
I'm willing to do anything
to make it succeed.
PETER: Joseph. Hi. Peter.
Hi.
It's been a bit of a journey.
It's the work that nobody else sees.
That's the work what counts the
most. I really believe.
Great statement. Absolutely great.
I like your other comment
even more. though.
When you said it's a gym in a bag.
Yeah.
And to see Joe there. who.
let's be honest.
there's no question
is an amazing expert here.
But to see his comments and listen.
how does that make you feel?
Proud.
I just want to make my mum
proud as well.
My purpose in life is to make
my mum happy. up in heaven.
It's been worth it. Joseph.
your mum is looking down
and she's proud.
Here now with me.
I really believe. 100%.
Joseph. I can see how emotional
you are. man. It's. erm...
It's lovely to see how much
this means to you.
One thing I wanted to ask you.
do you have a family?
Do you have any kids or anyone
else in your life?
Yeah. so I've got three children
myself.
This product. it brought a lot
of tension onto my family
life as well. so I ended up
splitting up my ex-girlfriend.
But I believe this is my passion
and my purpose in life.
I want to show my kids
that if you really want to do
something in life. you've got
to give it 100%.
One of the quotes I live
by - my dad said this to me once -
he said. "If you're going to miss
the bus. miss it running." Yeah.
And I've always thought about that.
Like. you've got to have a go.
because if you believe in something
so much. like you do. I mean.
I can't imagine putting my house
on the sale to fulfil my dream.
That's so brave of you.
But maybe there's a world
where you ain't got to do that.
you know? And you can get a couple
of the Dragons on board.
I've got to give you a little
cuddle. because I'm feeling
a bit emotional now. Because you're
up here. mate. You're struggling.
ain't you. a little bit?
It's all right. mate.
You're doing brilliant. mate.
JOSEPH CRIES
You're doing great. It's emotional.
man. but listen. you're doing great.
Have a breather.
Cos I love it.
OK. Right.
Sorry. I found it quite emotional
then. so...phew. pushed it down.
I'm back. Um. yeah. Joseph. listen.
you are my kind of guy.
and this is my kind of product.
And obviously. I've built my
business with social media.
I've got a huge community. you know.
millions of people every month
doing my workouts. And so I see
myself on my YouTube channel
using this. doing a workout.
and saying.
"Look. this is a great option.
"Do you want to try something
different?"
So I would love to offer you the
money.
the full. you know. £70.000
you're asking for.
And I also think for me to kind
of really be invested in it.
I think for 25% of the business.
I'd be well up for it.
I think we could have a great
journey together.
I think we'd get on really well.
And I think. in the UK. I could
really help launch this product
and then who knows where it could go
from that point?
So if you're up for it. I'm in.
That's my plan. to just prove it to
the UK. then go to Europe
and even worldwide.
STEVEN: Joseph. it's such a
wonderful thing. such a wonderful
thing that you... Oh. thank you.
Steven. ..went through a moment
of hardship and you've turned
it into a product
which is clearly. by all
estimations -
I mean. I trust Joe's. you know.
perspective on this
more than anyone on planet Earth.
And for him to say that it's useful.
I think. is a massive testament
to what you've done.
So I want to congratulate
you for that.
However. as a investment
proposition. the proposition
is less interesting to me.
in part because of the defensibility
of this kind of product.
So I'm going to say that I'm out.
but I wish you the very best.
Thank you very much. Steven.
I appreciate that.
SARA: Joseph. Yes? I think you've
got a brilliant product.
Thank you. Sara. I think you've done
unbelievable to get it this far.
And I can see this on one
of the biggest TV shopping channels
in America. selling hundreds
of thousands of units. no problem.
It is that good of a product.
So I'm prepared to offer
you all of the money
that you're asking for...
..for 25% of the business.
Thank you for your offer. Sara.
DEBORAH: Joseph. Hiya. Deborah.
Amazing. You're amazing. I mean.
um. you know. your motivation.
your ultimate strength through
difficult times
and turning that into this
and this business
that is - from what I'm hearing
from everybody -
is a properly good product.
I could make you an offer. but I
wouldn't want you to accept it.
And the reason I say that is
I'm not your best partner. OK.
You've had an offer from people
who would make a better business
partner for you than I would.
and I think you deserve that.
So I really wish you all the best.
And you've got some great offers.
and that makes me happy
but I won't be investing. I'm out.
Thank you for your feedback.
Well. Joseph. it's all right.
isn't it?
Peter. it sure is. It's been
emotional.
It's awesome. It's awesome.
I mean. I wanted... The minute
you got Joe Wicks exercising
like that. up there.
I wanted to invest.
So...
..I'm pretty good at taking
products around the world.
selling those products.
particularly online.
I do that for over 45 different
brands today.
Room for one more?
"Room for one more?"
THEY LAUGH
You know what. Joseph?
Room for one more!
You know what?
There is 100% room for one more.
And I tell you who...what I want
to do.
And it's only if Joe accepts it.
But I would...I would...I would
want to go on the journey with Joe
specifically because hearing and
knowing not only what Joe does.
but also the heart part. OK.
Erm. so I'd like to match
Joe's offer.
and I would like to offer you
the same as Joe's offered you.
I'd like to offer you 70.000
for 25%. OK.
On the basis of. though.
of sharing it.
So my offer is 35.000 for 12.5%.
OK.
Brilliant. Thanks. Peter.
Leaves me.
Hiya. Touker.
Look. I know what I can
bring to the party.
Sourcing. I can help
you definitely.
Erm. and I'm just wondering
whether I could take 12.5% as well
for 35 grand with the two of them.
There'd be three of us -
if they want another Dragon on board
- where we can. each one of us.
contribute something different.
Now. first of all. I don't know
if Peter and Joe would accept me
as a third partner or not.
but I know what I can bring
to the party.
So that way. for 37.5%. you get
100-odd thousand.
Would that be OK. Joe.
with yourself?
Right.
Erm. right. so I don't know if I
should be a real Dragon here
and just go solo with you.
and we ride or die together.
or we go with these guys.
SARA: Or...
Or you could go with me.
Oh. you would... We could go the two
of us. I would love to share.
And honestly. Joe. there's nothing
that either of these two bring
that I couldn't do in abundance.
PETER: By the way. there is. A lot!
She couldn't take this international
the way I could.
You're amazing at the kind of
TV advertising. right?
TOUKER: I know what I can
bring to the party - retail...
And I think America. I'd be
able to crack. ..manufacturing.
I don't know. I'm confused now.
I've never been in this position.
but we all want a piece of the pie.
don't we? All want to get involved.
It's a good place to be. Joseph.
you've created a lot of demand.
TOUKER: All right. Joe.
make the decision.
Can I go and talk to the wall?
LAUGHTER
Let me... Let me talk to the wall.
cos I've got my notepad.
Hang on a second.
Let me think what I want to do.
Is it this here? This wall here.
right?
OK.
You can also talk to your new mate
Joseph at the wall if you want.
OK. Joe.
Yeah. Joseph. come over here.
Come and have a word.
Come and have a little...
Because I want it to be your
decision. not mine. really.
What's your...?
I'm a guarantee. right? I'm in.
Do you want to go with the two...two
fellas or me and Sara?
What do you reckon?
I...I...
I mean. it's life-changing money.
You ain't got to sell your house.
That's a win. innit? Yeah.
You've got the cash. you can grow
it. I can market it. big time.
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah? All right.
We'll do it.
Go with your gut. yeah?
If you're going to miss the bus.
miss it running.
OK.
In all honesty. I think the three
of yous would be a dream team.
So Touker. Peter and Joe.
I know the individual things
what you can do.
and I'll be happy to accept
your offer.
OK. well. look. I'm happy.
Are you happy with that. Touker?
- Yeah. I'm happy with it.
- Happy with that?
Yep. We've got a deal!
Great. do it! Oh. brilliant.
Thank you. guys. Woohoo!
Oh... I can't believe it.
Joseph. cut me out!
JOE: Congratulations. Brilliant.
TOUKER: It's great. Well done. Joe.
Oh. thank you.
TOUKER: We'll make this happen.
We'll make this happen.
JOE: Thank you for. yeah. for
sharing it. What a great business.
Thank you. Thank you.
Bye now. Take care.
Joy for Joseph...
Thanks. Dragons.
..who's gone from his lowest ebb
to the crest of a wave.
The fitness entrepreneur leaves
the Den with £105.000...
Mum. we did it.
..and the backing of a trio
with the combined expertise to make
the competition sweat.
I think I've found a winning team
there with the three Dragons
what I've got. so it's exciting
times ahead. I really believe.
Do you know what? That's an
investment that makes my heart sing.
DEBORAH: Yeah. it was lovely.
Hi. I'm Issa. I'm 29 years
old and I'm from Lancashire.
Issa. you can't be like this
all day long. G. You've got this.
And I'm Ash. I'm 25 years old
and I'm from Preston.
Unfortunately. I've had the pleasure
of knowing Ash my whole life
because we're actually cousins
as well as co-founders.
It's so funny!
It's mad how we've watched this
on TV. though. innit?
I know. as kids!
Being related in business has its
ups and downs. right?
As with anything that involves
family. some days you might bicker
and argue openly. and some days
you're like brothers in arms.
And you can't take any sick days.
Because I'll come rocking up
to his house to find out
where he is if he does!
We started this particular
business 18 months ago.
and if you'd have told us
we'd be here today.
we'd have bitten your hand off.
Chomp!
Hello. Dragons. I'm Issa.
I'm Ash.
We're the co-founders of Diso.
a new face in health and wellbeing.
And we're here today to ask
for £100.000
in return for 2.5% equity.
Diso is targeting a global
and rapidly growing vitamins
and supplements market.
but we're doing it in a novel way.
Based on over a decade of experience
between us in the pharmaceutical
and health care industry. we wanted
to hit the market with a form factor
that is innovative. convenient.
and with high absorption.
Diso vitamin strips dissolve in
your mouth. requiring no water.
no tablets. and no swallowing.
It's not just convenient.
it's downright sexy.
Simply peel open the pouch.
place a strip on your tongue
and let the magic dissolve.
It seamlessly integrates
into any routine
and fits into any on-the-go
lifestyle.
Our products are vegan.
sugar-free. and made
from carefully sourced ingredients.
Over the last 18 months. since
inception. we've hit the market
hard. bringing in sales
of over £270.000
and securing listings with major
retailers like Boots.
WHSmith and
Holland & Barrett Malta.
We've also secured exclusive
distribution partnerships
in the US. Europe and the Middle
East. But we're hungry for more.
So which Dragon is going to be the
first to stick their tongue out
for Diso? Thank you.
A range of melt-in-the-mouth health
supplements. including vitamins
and collagen. is the proposition
from Issa Patel and Ash Patel.
"Peel the pouch. place on tongue.
let it dissolve."
The pair are seeking £100.000 in
return for 2.5% of their business.
I'm not surprised these are flying
off the shelves.
They look like condoms.
No-one wants dissolvable condoms!
Yeah. nobody wants that!
Issa and Ash may be hungry
for a deal. but will any
of the Dragons be prepared to put
their money where their mouths are?
SARA: Can I just say...
..really great pitch.
It wasn't pre-planned. by the way!
I've got a ton of questions.
So. how much funding have you had
to get this to this point?
To date. we've spent £380.000.
So. obviously. when you account
for the sales that we've made.
we've made a net loss of £200.000.
And where has the 380 come from?
It came from myself and my family.
So private family funded?
That's right. yeah.
And we're all shareholders
in the business accordingly.
And are you two related. or...?
He's actually my... He doesn't like
me saying nephew.
but he's my cousin's son.
so he's my cousin.
Yeah. So we're all family.
Big whole family. Happy family.
But. yeah. he says uncle
but I'm only 25.
He's only 29. so...!
OK! Stick to cousins.
So I like that.
and you guys talked about having
a decade of experience between you.
Yeah. What specifically was your
experience in this sector.
both of you? Um. so. yeah. my
experience has been quite broad.
I started off in management
consulting in health care.
and then after that. I set up two
businesses over the last four years.
One is an online pharmacy business.
which is doing really well now.
and the other business I set up
was to support older people
with their medications. to help
them develop good routines
and have confidence so that they
can take the medications
as they need to.
OK. Excellent. And. Ash.
your...your experience?
Well. mine's not that complex.
So I went to university. got a
degree in marketing.
and obviously I joined the family
business.
I've always worked part
of the family business. Which was?
It was pharmaceutical industry.
so we supply medications to
care homes and nursing homes.
And then obviously we wanted to do
something around vitamins itself.
Mm-hm. And that's when we came up
with Diso itself.
So you guys really do have all
the experience in this industry
that you were talking about. Yeah.
That's impressive.
What I really want to understand
is... Try that.
..it seems really obvious... Mm-hm.
..and I'm sure I've seen other...
I think I've seen. like.
breath freshening stuff.
Yes. Listerine. Is there anybody
else doing
this sort of product in this space?
Nope.
We used to have a Dragon sitting
just along from me here. actually...
Oh. yes. ..who is Mr Vitamin
himself. That's right. Yeah.
So if he was still in the Den now.
what answer do you think
he would give me as to why
his company wasn't doing this?
I think when...when Vitabiotics
was set up. it was still
a very early market. People were
still looking at capsules.
Then as capsules and tablets
started to evolve.
as you probably might have seen.
gummies came out. for example.
So people have constantly
been innovating in this market
around different form factors.
What we've focused on is based on
our experience in pharmaceuticals.
is high absorption. which is
what the strips provide.
So I would presume. actually. that
Dragon would be a great acquirer
for this business in the long-term
if he was active in the industry.
Guys. I've just taken this. though.
This one. the Derma one. Yep.
Steven just gave me. We shared. Yep.
And it went on my tongue and it
dissolved. and it was great. Yeah.
And we did it because I put that one
on first... Aha.
..and I was like. almost gagging
because it stuck to my tongue
and then stuck to the roof
of my mouth and he went.
"Oh. no. that's all right.
"Mine's fine." Yeah.
I went. "Can I have one of yours?"
And he gave me that.
and his was fine. Yep.
He took one of mine.
and what happened?
It stuck to the roof of my mouth.
Yeah. And mine.
For about a minute it was there and
I was sort of trying to
style it out. but it didn't
feel very comfortable.
It's almost a numbing sensation
as well. It's a little bit numbing.
PETER: Yeah. a little bit.
The top of the gum.
Why is that? Why are some different?
Why is some sticky and some
are dissolving on the tongue?
So it all depends on the active
ingredient itself.
The more active ingredients we put
inside a strip. the thicker it gets.
the more difficult it is
to. you know. dissolve.
The reason why it sticks to the roof
of your mouth is because maybe
you've. you know. you've not got
that much saliva in your mouth
at that time. So if you drank a bit
of water and then did it. it should.
you know. just... Yeah. but all
of us had the same thing. Yeah.
So that means that's 100%.
So you might. like... If there's
certain products. as Ash mentioned.
have more active ingredients in
them. and so obviously the viscosity
of that specific product
will be more.
DEBORAH: And has that got a lot of
active ingredients?
Because that's a simple one.
That's just vitamin C.
Yep. So it's got an
Eldermune extract.
Eldermune is the trademarked
ingredient. Right.
So you've got two ingredients. Yeah.
That doesn't sound like a lot
of active ingredients to me. Mm-hm.
So why is that sticking
to the roof of our mouths?
It's just the type of active
ingredient. maybe. in there.
Oh. it's the type? Yeah.
Yeah. sorry. just to clarify on the
question about the roof
of the tongue...
SARA SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY
Is your concern the fact
that it takes longer to dissolve?
Or is your concern that it's not
a nice experience in your mouth?
Not nice.
So the mouth experience
on that one hasn't been great.
But I mean. I'm not going to try
them all to decide which ones work
and which ones don't. But I
understand that. you know.
I do - because I'm vegan -
I do actually take B12 supplements.
It's the only one that I will do
all the time. but I obviously put
drops under my tongue.
So I understand that. you know.
dropping into my mouth is...
So bearing in mind that you are
introducing a different way of
taking. erm. your supplements.
Erm. what's the proof on that?
What's your proof on efficacy?
So when it comes to the efficacy.
we are actually working
with the University of Westminster
and they are carrying out clinical
studies around the product itself.
but they aren't completed as of yet.
But they will be. OK.
So you are actually going
through clinical studies? Yeah.
Because that's going to make
the world of difference to you
to be able to actually make claims
on your packaging.
I think coming from a background
in regulated industries
and health care. we're very aware
of not making claims that are
not backed by real science.
So we're quite...
we're really aware of that.
Guys. great pitch. And honestly.
I do respect innovation.
but I'm so sceptical about creams.
you know. anti-aging this
and powders and formulas
and all these things.
and it's another product
trying to make someone
ultimately feel healthier.
But I'm a food guy.
I'm a movement. fitness.
hydration. sleep. food.
So try and convince me why I
should...
If I walked past this in Boots.
why should I buy this over
just eating really good food
and getting a good night's sleep?
He's a great salesman.
Give me your best pitch.
I'm ready for it.
When it comes to taking supplements.
we're trying to prevent
issues taking place.
So we're not going to say and sit
here and make a claim and say.
"Having a Derma strip for. you know.
a few days is going to
"make my bald patch. you know.
give me an afro again."
It's not going to happen.
It's about. you know. keeping
on top of your vitamin supplements
in your body. It's topping up.
It's supposed to be a supplementary
regime. not a replacement
for a healthy and balanced
lifestyle and diet.
and that's the case with
any vitamin supplement.
Because I don't feel like... I quite
like my barnet and I've never put
any cream in it. no shampoo.
Well. I wash it every now and again.
but everyone's like.
"What do you put in your hair?"
But I don't think I need
the Derma patches for my hair.
But who is the customer? Who is the
target audience in your mind who's
going to buy this multiple times a
year and build this business?
We're going after kind of modern.
on-the-go consumers who might not
be getting into a good routine
taking vitamins and supplements
because they're very busy.
and they want something that's
convenient and that's easy.
If you go on our socials. you'll see
the kind of content we're putting
out there speaks to that kind of
audience. Right.
And how...how long will you run
with this business
and really drive it forward before
you say. "You know what?
"It's not quite working." Like. or
do you want to take this. like.
all the way. sort of thing?
We want to take it to the moon.
Really?
In terms of success.
But I think for the time
that we've been in the market.
we've had great traction.
And we're fairly close to
break-even as well.
So on the exclusive distribution
partners we have outside of the UK.
we are looking to bring in about
1.5 to 2 million revenue.
And when you look at the margin
and the unit economics
of our product. that gets us
to profitability
in the next three to six months.
PETER: Guys. I'm...
It's really challenging.
And maybe I've just picked
out the wrong one.
Steven's just given me another one.
DEBORAH: Oh. no! Oh. yes.
I gave him the caffeine one.
PETER: And he gave me the energy.
caffeine one.
It was on the roof of my mouth. Mm.
I've had to put my finger
in my mouth to drag it out.
You're having a 'mare. Peter.
with these. I'm having a nightmare!
Honestly! Oh!
Have a little...strips. mate. Yes.
It's got 50mg of caffeine.
potassium. sodium. It's strong.
Um... It is a... I should have
warned you on that one!
You're going to be buzzing!
Oh. yeah. You will feel it.
JOE: He's got cotton mouth already!
That's the only one.
It's very hard to mask the change.
LAUGHTER
It works! I never thought I'd be
seeing this! Well. it works!
It works. See? The proof is in the
pudding. ladies and gentlemen!
JOE: He's double-dropping.
He's doing two at once.
Tell him to do one at a time.
Yeah. One at a time.
The energy is really hard to mask.
the bitterness of the caffeine.
obviously. Erm. we've tried very
hard. but it is very difficult.
PETER: But how do you take it?
It's really challenging.
STEVEN LAUGHS
We've not had someone with such a...
We've not had that many. you know.
experiences. feedback in terms of
it's difficult to swallow.
I find that so hard to believe
because your key selling point
is that these are dissolvable
vitamins or whatever on your tongue.
And I think if you've got even
one product in the range
that doesn't adhere to that and gets
stuck in the roof of your mouth.
like what I've experienced.
I'm surprised.
Because you're both really two very
strong characters.
Very investable. by the way.
You've presented brilliantly.
But I think that's a problem.
So for that reason. I'm out.
But please go away and fix that
because I think you've got a chance.
Thank you. Peter.
Thank you.
Guys. I just want to say. yeah. I do
think you've had a great idea.
But for me. like. you know. and
you're a great salesman. I do like.
you know. you're good.
you know your stuff.
and you're both really intelligent.
You really understand this product
and how it works.
You're clearly doing the research.
But for me. I'm just such
a sceptical...
It's really hard for me to go
against that sceptical mindset.
So good luck from me. but I'm sorry.
I'm out.
Thank you. Joe.
Thank you.
Guys. I mean. I think you
are really good.
And if this had really grabbed...
I mean. I would love
to have invested in you.
I mean. it's...it's clear
that you're very smart.
It's very unfortunate
that you've had so many people
with this in the Den
with this experience.
And if it is a problem. I suspect
you guys will work it out.
You know. because that's
the guys you are.
But I'm a little bit like Joe.
I think we should find time in our
lives for a healthy lifestyle
and so I'm not naturally leaning
towards this. but I reckon
you're going to make it work...
but not with my investment.
So I'm afraid I won't be investing.
I'm out. Thank you.
STEVEN: Guys. Erm. when I look at
your business. it's interesting
what you said - this is an
innovative new way
to administer vitamins.
The word innovation. I think. is...
is not necessarily accurate here.
Because. to me. innovation
is changing something for the sake
of making it better. and I'm not
convinced this is...this is better.
It's just different.
And I don't see a huge opportunity
in things just being different.
So I'm going to say that I'm out.
but I wish you the best.
We appreciate your feedback. We
appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you.
Guys. all you've got here is a new
way of delivering vitamins.
That's all you've got.
And for what you're offering today
as an investment. it's not
value for me. So I'm out.
No worries. Thank you for your
feedback. Touker. Thank you.
Guys. you had me in the pitch.
to be honest.
It seemed so ingenious.
But then I experienced the product.
And I haven't just tried one.
I tried the collagen one.
then I thought. "I'll try the
vitamin C." because that's something
I would move on to. And it's when I
got to the energy one.
and I had to physically take
it back out of my mouth.
That. that was... I knew
you had a problem.
So if there's some of these products
work brilliantly well and others
don't. I couldn't encourage you more
to take these ones
off the market until you've got
a solution.
Because you are everything I would
invest in in this Den.
This just doesn't live up
to what I think you're capable of.
Thank you. So I'm sorry. guys.
I won't be investing and I'm out.
Thank you.
Good luck in making it work somehow.
Thank you very much for all your
feedback.
We'll definitely take it on board.
Good luck. guys. Good luck guys.
Thank you so much.
Take care. Bye.
Take care.
Issa and Ash may have drawn a blank
in the Den.
but the pair still believe their
business has a bright future.
We came. we conquered.
we take Diso to the moon.
With all due respect. we will prove
every Dragon wrong.
It's...it's up to us now.
We will prove them wrong.
When Katriona Shovlin entered
the Den seeking £40.000 for 20%
of her business. she hoped
the Dragons would buy
into an unusual proposition.
My exciting new business.
Hen Weekend.
is an all inclusive five-star hotel
for hens and ducks.
You might be thinking.
is she clucking mad?
Well. I'm here to tell you
that there is a great demand
for this service.
1.3 million of us in the UK
are now keeping hens as pets
in our back gardens.
Cats can go to catteries
and dogs can go to kennels.
So why shouldn't our birds
have this luxury too?
The accommodation certainly
offered all the trimmings.
My luxury five-star hotel includes
a luxury honeymoon suite.
all inclusive buffet.
the bar is open till late
and a bathtub for ducks.
Forget the Copacabana.
This is the ultimate Coopacabana.
A cock-free zone where all
the ladies can relax.
Did you actually just say those
words. Katriona?!
Sorry. could you just say
that again?
Am I allowed?
Actually. no.
Katriona may have cracked most
of her audience up.
but she'd left the Den's
lord of the one-liner
in danger of being knocked
off his perch.
There were more puns in that pitch
than I did in an entire series.
Well. I'm definitely going to ask
you whether you are plucking mad.
because we need to work out if this
is a business or not. don't we?
Yeah. So what have you turned over
the last 12 months?
Turnover was £4.124
and net profit £3.377.
OK. so it is laying a little bit
of dough for you.
That was rubbish. That was nowhere
near as good as Katriona's.
It'll get better. trust me.
Sadly it didn't.
Joe Wicks wanted to keep abreast
of where the idea came from.
I'm really fascinated by your love
for chickens and hens.
Like. where's this kind of love
for them originate from?
So I've always had a wide variety
of animals growing up.
I actually never had chickens.
and I think they're just
so underrated and misunderstood.
and I just want to see a better
future for them as animals.
Deborah Meaden found an affinity
with the fellow chicken lover.
I obviously love you
and I love what you're doing.
But she was less keen
on the company's poultry profits.
At the moment. whilst my heart
loves this.
it's really not an investable
business
because it's at a very. very
low level of income.
So. what's your plan?
I'd like to open different coops
in different areas. so...
But what does that mean?
Because people presumably
could just do this anyway
without you being involved at all.
So how do you make this
a business for you?
I make this a business for me
because obviously my love and care
and the importance
of animal welfare.
But how do you make money?
If somebody else sets up a hen
hotel somewhere else.
they can just do that without
you being involved.
So how do you make sure
that you actually make money
out of this business?
Good question.
Steven Bartlett was first
to cry foul on a deal.
I don't think there's an investment
case in this.
So I'm going to say that I'm out.
but the great success
of this business will be all
the wonderful hens
you give a good life.
Thank you very much.
And sadly for Katriona. none
of the Dragons believed
she was sitting on a golden egg.
Hi. my name is Emma.
I'm 42 years old
and I'm from Bournemouth.
I'm a sports-mad parent
and my boys play football.
and it was actually during one of
their football matches that the idea
for our brand came about.
Oh. here we go.
Have a little kickabout. Right.
I'll go in goal.
you can have a little penalty.
So I'm going to be pitching
to Joe Wicks as well
as the guest Dragon.
All right. here we go.
Watch my teeth.
Watch the teeth!
Oh. my God!
Strike it.
I'm involved in youth sport
and know he's got a real
interest in sport fitness.
Oh!
Right in the solar plexus.
He's a huge influencer.
So. yeah. I feel like it's a massive
opportunity to chat with him today.
Hello. Dragons.
My name is Emma.
I am the owner of Laceeze Defiance.
and I am asking for £50.000
in return for a 10% share
of my company.
I have spent countless hours on the
sidelines of a football pitch.
watching my sons play football.
Now. shoelaces coming undone
isn't a really major problem.
However. in youth sport it happens
frequently.
and Laceeze is a silicone band which
wraps around the outside
of a sports shoe and holds the
shoelace knot in place
for the match.
In England alone. it is estimated
that 4.5 million school-aged
children play football regularly
and 700.000 play rugby.
We launched the company in 2017.
We've sold 350.000 bands to date.
We work with a direct to consumer
business model in the UK.
and our bands are stocked
with some independent retailers
and grassroots clubs.
Defiance is our clothing
and accessories brand.
We spotted a gap in the market
for good quality children's sports
accessories such as outfield gloves.
There is a huge scope for growth
within the Defiance range.
where we can create a sports
accessory brand
specifically for children.
I've got some products to show you.
Thank you for listening.
Silicone bands that hold shoelaces
in place
alongside a sports clothing
and accessories range
is
the offering from Emma Burke.
Thank you. Thank you.
She's seeking £50.000...
Hi. Joe. Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
..in exchange for a 10% share
of her company.
Thank you.
Keen to understand more.
Steven Bartlett is first to kick
off with the questions.
Emma. Hello.
Really interesting.
So you mentioned two different
brands here.
You mentioned the Defiance brand
and the Laceeze brand. Yeah.
Are they the same company. the same
brand. or are they separate?
So just the Defiance is the name.
So. Laceeze...
Of the whole thing? Yeah.
So Laceeze came first. Yeah.
And then. I mean. we've got quite
a loyal sort of base of customers.
and then they buy into Defiance
afterwards.
So what percentage of your sales
are coming from which products?
It's about 80% is Laceeze.
20% is Defiance.
OK. cool. So could you run me
through the numbers. then.
from. if we do the last sort
of three to four years.
Yeah. So. um. 2022 turnover
was 168.000.
Yeah. Gross profit was 95.
Net profit 20.
2023 was 331.000.
Gross of 130 and a net of 41.
Yep. And this year we're forecasting
circa 500.000.
maybe a bit higher.
So we're keeping it quite
conservative at the moment.
OK. Um. where do you sell
this product?
Do you sell it on online
marketplaces?
Yes. so about 70% of our sales
are Amazon.
30% are on our Shopify website.
Emma. Hi.
I put it on.
I must admit. it's brilliant.
Thank you. It works.
Those laces are not coming
out either.
How much do you sell
these for individually?
Um. 9.99.
And what do they cost you landed?
So £1.39 to produce
and then our packing cards
are about £0.07.
So 1.46... Yeah. ..in total.
Wow. that's pretty good.
So you've got a fantastic margin.
Yes.
Emma. Hi. Touker.
So these are coming out of China.
I assume.
They are. Yeah.
And you mentioned about 70%
of your turnover is Amazon.
Yeah. Which is a bit of a risk.
Oh. I know. I know. You know that.
Yes. I know that. yeah.
Because you realise that Amazon.
all of a sudden sales drop
then the business is at risk.
So what is next?
So you've given this year
approaching 500.000.
How do you see the year after?
Tentatively. I'd like to say
that we'll get to £1 million.
And how are you going to do that?
By rolling out. So we've started
to target the USA and Germany.
Now our route to market for those is
via Amazon at the moment.
just because it is the easiest route
to market.
There's also more products
within the clothing line.
Such as what in clothing?
So the next I would like
to bring out a rain jacket
that children can train in.
So the freebies that they get
with their kits.
Cos you realise that at the moment
you've got one product.
easy to manufacture.
When you start getting into
clothing. you've got to have sizes.
You know. it's not so easy.
So working capital-wise. I think
to go to £1 million
you probably need minimum
100. 150.000.
Rubbish! She doesn't need that
amount of money.
She's grown organically.
She's got massive margins
in her product.
Yeah. but what I'm trying to get to
is to get to £1 million.
you are going to need more than
50.000. that's all.
Hi. Emma. Hello. Great pitch
and I love the product.
Oh. thank you very much.
I've got a little five-year-old boy
called Marley. and he's obsessed
with football. so I'm constantly
having to tie his shoelaces up.
Yeah. Yeah. it's a pain in the bum.
but I really like this idea.
I think. um. firstly. I think
you've done amazingly.
like 500k you're projected
to do this year.
that's a really amazing business.
And what I want to ask is. like.
has there been a moment
during this journey where
you've thought about quitting
because it's been stressful
or overwhelming. or have you always
been so positive because the graphs
are going up every year?
Yeah. No. I am really positive.
I've had. I had another company.
a cleaning company.
and had 60 members of staff
and I really hated it.
This business. I don't hate it.
It just gives me a buzz.
And I think it's because I've been
so involved in kids sport now
since they were sort of seven.
And so I think it just. it's a real
cliche. isn't it?
If you love what you do.
it doesn't feel like work.
But for me. I just. I love it.
Emma. Brilliant. Hi. Hi.
Um. I'm going to feel like a bit of
a buzzkill now.
but I need to understand
some technicals. OK.
I was trying to understand
your margins.
because you've got very high
margins.
but you talked about 2023.
£331.000 worth of turnover.
and £130.000 worth of gross profit.
Yeah. Because those margins
are not that huge.
That doesn't in any way match the
£1.46 cost selling at £9.99. Yeah.
So what's going on in those margins?
So some bands are sold wholesale
and we were also sending
a lot by air freight.
just because we were kind
of growing quite quickly.
So your transport costs
must be enormous.
They were last year.
It was. it was nuts last year
with air freight.
OK. So am I going to disregard that
going forward?
What's changed in your margins
that's going to make you
more profitable?
So everything's arriving by sea.
Yeah. Bar a very small... Unless we
were desperate for something.
Right. So. then. going forward.
so I can understand what that
business looks like going forward.
what are your projections?
So we're hoping to turn
over 500.000 this year.
Yep. Gross profit?
Gross profit...
I'm sorry. I haven't got that.
So that's quite important.
because. um. because you're saying
the gross profit wasn't good enough.
and therefore I've changed
some stuff
and what the end of that sentence
should be.
"And therefore our gross
profit is going to be..."
Yeah.
No? Sorry.
Gosh. it was all going so well.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Deborah rained on your parade.
She did give a fair warning
it was incoming.
And to be fair. I'm not raining on
anybody's parade. Steven.
I'm trying to get to the bottom
of a business
which I'd like to invest in.
All right.
Emma. what's your cost of acquiring
a customer to your website?
Um...
I don't know. You don't know how
much it costs to acquire?
No.
Don't be such a buzzkill. Steven.
I'm sorry. Oh. sorry.
I don't... I'm trying not to rain on
your parade here like Deborah did.
Do you know what? Do you know what
this kind of illuminates to me?
It is that this is a business that's
probably not ever
going to wean off
its addiction to Amazon.
And the problem you have
when you have a great product.
and it's sort of reliant on one
online platform for its sales.
is the success will be its downfall.
If this starts selling in high
volume. everybody gets an alert.
Everybody can see that.
The platform themselves. but also
your competitors around the world
and your factory overseas go.
"Ah. Business opportunity."
And then what happens
to this investment?
It's very easy to replicate.
isn't it. I suppose.
It's very easy to replicate this if
it shows traction.
So for me as an investor.
this isn't a business for me.
so I'm going to say that I'm out.
OK. Thank you.
So I disagree with Steven.
I don't have an issue around Amazon.
Touker. Peter and myself invested
in a business in the Den
that was pretty much solely
on Amazon.
Hugely successful.
Just knew what they did and built
out from that key product.
So that bit doesn't worry me.
What does worry me is that
I have absolutely no idea
how profitable this business is
going to be. because you don't know
what your margins are. and it could
well be that had you been able
to express the margins to me
and what was going into the future.
I could be saying two very
different words.
Because you're really good.
You had me.
So because I just don't understand.
I can't invest.
OK. So guess which two words
I'm about to say.
I think I know what you're going to
say.
I'm sorry. I'm out. OK.
Emma. Yeah. hi.
For this business to ever
be investment ready.
you have to understand how
the business works
from a numbers perspective.
Because if you're going to ask
for any amount of money
and yet you cannot answer simple
questions like.
what is your gross margin.
what is my cost of acquisition?
Any investor is going to recognise
that you are going to take in money.
spend it in areas where you do not
know whether it's going
to work or not.
You've come in today. it's
impossible to make an investment
and you've made it impossible.
So for that reason. I'm going to say
that I'm out.
Thank you.
Emma. Hi.
I like it.
I understand it.
You know. not just as a mum.
I can totally look at this and see
exactly the application.
I think you've got something here.
However. I'm not convinced you'll
ever grow your sales to a million.
I think it'll be a good business.
I don't think it'll become
a big business.
I don't think there's the potential
for it to.
So in looking at it here. I don't
think it's an investment for me.
So I'm out. OK. Thank you.
What's your end goal?
Have you got. like. a personal goal?
Because with every business. there's
always that vision of like. yeah.
I want to build something.
I want to have a lifestyle
and I want it to be successful.
But do you have a personal goal?
Like. in five years' time.
do you really want to be grafting
like this?
Do you really want to be working
like. as hard as you are now?
So I'm in a really kind of. a bit
of a transition in my life
at the moment. So 18-year-old.
he's leaving in August.
That's one gone. 16-year-old.
so I'm going to have an empty nest.
So at the moment I feel like I can
actually put way more into this
than I was doing before. because I'm
not kind of juggling
the young mummyhood
as well as the business.
No. I can see it. My mum said the
same when we all moved out.
She said she completely lost her
identity. She said when she felt
like we didn't need her. We all need
her. We love her to death.
But you know. you have that time.
and like you said. you've got
the drive to build something.
so I think you should keep it going.
I really do.
I think it's a great business.
I think you should continue it.
But for me personally. it's not
something I really believe
in myself. But I want to wish you
the best of luck
and just let you know that I'm out.
Thank you. Thank you.
Emma. how do you feel?
Oh. exhausted.
Um. look. doesn't take it away
from you that you're going to turn
over 500.000 this year. you know?
So I wouldn't worry
about what anybody says.
And to me. um. somewhere
there's a margin.
It's how do you extract it?
So at the moment. if you add
it all in. it's £1.46 landed.
Yeah.
So if you halve the cost. would that
make a big impact on the margin?
Yeah.
Big impact. Yeah.
Because I believe that.
um. I can save costs.
OK.
Um...
I can see where you're at.
You know. you're at that point
where something's going to happen
to the business.
So I'm going to make you an offer.
OK. But it comes at a price.
You asked for £50.000 for 10%.
I'll give you all of the money.
but I want 40% of the business.
Ooh! What?! Wow.
Well. you guys didn't offer.
If you were so brave.
why didn't you offer?
Come on. then. 40%!
Do you want to make a counter offer?
40%. I'm not that brave.
but I will say.
Exactly. The risk is high.
Yeah. I'm not that brave.
Can I get a glass of water? Sure.
Yeah. if you go back to the wall and
have a think.
Have a chat with the wise wall?
There's one on the window ledge
there for you. Thank you.
Against the run of play.
Emma secures an offer
from Touker Suleyman.
Unbelievable scenes. innit? 40%?
40%!
This is going to cost you.
But at quadruple the 10%
that was originally on the table.
could it be too high a price to pay?
I always wondered
what the wall says.
It doesn't say a lot.
Um...
I'm really grateful for the offer.
Would you consider reducing
your equity
if the money did come back to you?
Within? Within 12 months? Mm-hm.
So if the money came back within 12
months. would you reduce to 30%?
Yes.
I think we've got a deal.
Great!
Thank you. We'll make.
we'll make a hit of this.
Euphoria for Emma.
Get in.
Thank you. Thanks. Lovely to meet
you all. Thank you.
She's tied up a deal with a Dragon
that could see her business expand
at a rate of knots. even if
she was put through her paces.
Oh. my goodness.
I feel exhausted.
Yeah. it was very intense.
I mean. Touker drove a hard
bargain. but I think the value
that he's going to add to the
company is just going to literally
just take it to the next level.
I think you've got a great deal
there. You did. but what about
I thought she needed 150 grand to be
able to grow this to a million.
Well. maybe she does. Maybe I'll
give it to her. You never know.
She's going to want to give you her
money back
because she's desperate not to...
You've got a lot to say for somebody
who hasn't invested. I have.
I think the future for Laceeze
is really. really exciting
and I think this is going
to just skyrocket things.
Going on Dragons' Den.
Don't screw it up.
Coming up on the new series
of Dragons' Den...
Well. I didn't see that coming.
There's a dog coming.
Gosh. I feel a bit choked up.
What's the strategy?
Get a Dragon.
Is that good business?
Everything about this is genius.
Trinny. it doesn't look like you
agree with that.
No.
And so there was one.
That was one of the best pitches
I've seen in the Den.
Oh. yes! Wow.
You're scary. apparently. Why?
You look a little bit like cyborgs.
I am a Dragon.
Well. I don't know what it is.
but I love it.
Have you not seen flowers before?
If you think a Dragon's
been particularly vicious.
you can tell them that they're out.
Is that something
you would be open to?
I haven't got a clue.
It's stressful. isn't it?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today